README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/italoh623/rocketshoes/master/src/assets/images/logo.svg" alt="rocketshoes" />

</h1>

Rocketshoes is a simple marketplace application developed in the Ignite Bootcamp by RocketSeat.


# Getting Started 

These instructions will get you a copy of the full project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

The project must be built with npm, so download it below if you don't have any installed on your system.

* **Npm** is distributed with Node.js which means that when you download Node.js, you automatically get npm installed on your computer. [Download Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)

To run this server you will need a node version 12.0.0 (minimum) 

# How to Install

* To download the project follow the instructions bellow:


1. `git clone https://github.com/italoh623/rocketshoes.git`

2. `cd to.do`

* Install the dependencies and start the server:

3. `npm install`

4. `npm server`

5. `npm start` in other terminal 🥳

# Screenshots 

* Products List

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/italoh623/rocketshoes/master/screenshots/products_list.png)

* Cart

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/italoh623/rocketshoes/master/screenshots/cart.png)

***The application still is in development 🚧. Soon this file will be updated with the deploy of the app and new features***

---
### Author



<img style="border-radius: 50%;" src="https://github.com/italoh623.png" width="80px;" alt="" />


<sub><b>Ítalo Henrique Leça da Silva</b></sub>

[![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-@italo-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/gitirana/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/italo-leca/) [![Gmail Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-italohenrique014@gmail.com-c14438?style=flat-square&logo=Gmail&logoColor=white&link=mailto:italohenrique014@gmail.com)](mailto:italohenrique014@gmail.com)

Commit message:

Adding yarn congiguration to README file

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/italoh623/rocketshoes/master/src/assets/images/logo.svg" alt="rocketshoes" />

</h1>

Rocketshoes is a simple marketplace application developed in the Ignite Bootcamp by RocketSeat.


# Getting Started 

These instructions will get you a copy of the full project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

The project must be built with npm, so download it below if you don't have any installed on your system.

* **Npm** is distributed with Node.js which means that when you download Node.js, you automatically get npm installed on your computer. [Download Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)

* **Yarn** is a package manager built by Facebook Team and seems to be faster than npm in general.  [Download Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install)

To run this server you will need a node version 12.0.0 (minimum) 

# How to Install

* To download the project follow the instructions bellow:


1. `git clone https://github.com/italoh623/rocketshoes.git`

2. `cd rocketshoes`

* Install the dependencies and start the server:

3. `yarn install`

4. `yarn server`

5. `yarn start` in other terminal 🥳

# Screenshots 

* Products List

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/italoh623/rocketshoes/master/screenshots/products_list.png)

* Cart

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/italoh623/rocketshoes/master/screenshots/cart.png)

***The application still is in development 🚧. Soon this file will be updated with the deploy of the app and new features***

---
### Author



<img style="border-radius: 50%;" src="https://github.com/italoh623.png" width="80px;" alt="" />


<sub><b>Ítalo Henrique Leça da Silva</b></sub>

[![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-@italo-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/gitirana/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/italo-leca/) [![Gmail Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-italohenrique014@gmail.com-c14438?style=flat-square&logo=Gmail&logoColor=white&link=mailto:italohenrique014@gmail.com)](mailto:italohenrique014@gmail.com)
